Add section on uploading to transformer weights and tokenizers to HuggingFace (#139)
allenai/allennlp-guide: chapters/part2/representing-text-as-features.md

<codeblock source="part2/representing-text-as-features/interacting_with_tensors" setup="part2/representing-text-as-features/setup"></codeblock>

</exercise>

<exercise id="10" title="How to upload transformer weights and tokenizers to HuggingFace">

> One way AllenNLP is commonly used is for fine-tuning transformer models to specific tasks. We host several of these models on our [demo site](https://demo.allennlp.org/), such as a BERT model applied to the [SQuAD v1.1](https://rajpurkar.github.io/SQuAD-explorer/) question-answer task, and a RoBERTa model applied to the [SNLI](https://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/snli/) textual entailment task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way AllenNLP is commonly used is for fine-tuning transformer models to specific tasks. We host several of these models on our [demo site](https://demo.allennlp.org/), such as a BERT model applied to the [SQuAD v1.1](https://rajpurkar.github.io/SQuAD-explorer/) reading comprehension task, and a RoBERTa model applied to the [SNLI](https://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/snli/) textual entailment task.
```

If your dataset reader and model are already general enough that they can accept any type of tokenizer / token indexer and token embedder, respectively, then the only thing you need to do in order to utilize a pretrained transformer in your model is tweak your training configuration file.

With the RoBERTa SNLI model, for example, the “dataset_reader” part of the config would look like this:

```
"dataset_reader": {
  "type": "snli",
  "tokenizer": {
    "type": "pretrained_transformer",
    "model_name": "roberta-large",
    "add_special_tokens": false
  },
  "token_indexers": {
    "tokens": {
      "type": "pretrained_transformer",
      "model_name": "roberta-large",
      "max_length": 512
    }
  }
}
```

While the “model” part of the config would look like this:

```
"model": {
  "type": "basic_classifier",
  "text_field_embedder": {
    "token_embedders": {
      "tokens": {
        "type": "pretrained_transformer",
        "model_name": "roberta-large",
        "max_length": 512
      }
    }
  },
  ...
}
```

> Once you’ve trained your model, just follow these 3 steps to upload the transformer part of your model to HuggingFace.

Reviewer: This whole section can probably just be replaced by a pointer to one of the sections above, where we already have this information.
